Archive (#1390)
rug-cit-hpc/league-of-robots: roles/online_docs/templates/mkdocs/docs/archive.md

## 5. Best practices

It is always highly recommended to accompany files with their checksums, especially when utilizing remote archive storage. Long-term storage can occasionally experience data degradation or loss, therefore verifying the file's checksum upon retrieval is the most reliable way to ensure the data remains intact and uncorrupted.

File sizes are extremely important for archive. Tape storage performance and management is better when the files are larger size.

Therefore

 - files should be in range 1 and 100GB (checksums are exception)
 - average file size should not be lower than a **1GB**
 - the archive filesystem was build around the idea of occasional (as in *once or twice a year at most*) accessing the data content

The average size is monitored and the groups with average size lower than this will have **locked accounts**.

> Data should ideally be uploaded sequentially rather than in parallel. While not a strict requirement, this approach is highly recommended to keep the load at manageable levels. Since the archive is a shared remote storage used by multiple teams, it has more limited bandwidth compared to local storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To keep storage and network load manageable, upload data sequentially rather than in parallel. Note that archive is a _remote_, _shared_ storage system used by multiple teams. As such, it has less bandwidth compared to the other cluster storage systems.
```

Author: This is not actually a mandatory requirement. It is my recommendation to the data-managers. There is nothing preventing them to try and upload in parallel.
Perhaps one could argue that **if** there is free bandwidth, then it would be silly not to fully use it.
But I am not sure ... :man_shrugging:

Reviewer: I would argue that best practices are mandatory and therefore I would use `must`. That we cannot enforce best practices is something else.

Author: > I would argue that best practices are mandatory and therefore I would use `must`.

I have found no meaningful definition of the `best practices` are required procedure. Instead from what I gathered it is mostly understood as a recommendation, a guideline, or a well-reasoned suggestion. One, that is wise to follow, or you bring yourself unnecessary problems.

Exactly what I intended for this text to convey.

Anyhow, I updated text, rephrased in a way that avoids further discussion of `must` or `should` :D
